PS-7343 Verify Documentation for encryption Features which are GA (8.0) (#4109)
percona/percona-server: doc/source/security/encrypting-doublewrite-buffers.rst

Encrypting Doublewrite Buffers
=======================================================================

As of |Percona Server| 8.0.20-11, the Percona version of the
doublewrite buffer is replaced with the MySQL implementation.

Until |MySQL| 8.0.20, the system tablespace contained the doublewrite
buffer. The key which encrypts the InnoDB system tablespace also
encrypts the ``doublewrite buffer`` pages.

> Currently, |Percona| encrypts the ``doublewrite buffer`` with the
> tablespace keys using :variable:`innodb_parallel_dblwr_encrypt`.
> Encrypted tablespace pages are written as encrypted in the
> doublewrite buffer. Unencrypted tablespace pages are not encrypted in the
> doublewrite buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, |Percona| encrypts the ``doublewrite buffer`` using :variable:`innodb_parallel_dblwr_encrypt`.
Encrypted tablespace pages are written as encrypted in the
doublewrite buffer using their respective tablespace keys.
Unencrypted tablespace pages are not encrypted in the
doublewrite buffer.
```

Author: Fixed.
